Merge testnet upgrades into `main` (#142)
stellar/js-soroban-client: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v1.0.0-beta.0

> **Note:** This version is currently only compatible with standalone networks built with stellar/stellar-xdr@9ac0264 (the Protocol 20 preview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This version is currently only compatible with stellar networks that are running Protocol 20, such as your own standalone network, futurenet, or testnet.
```

Author: but this isn't true yet :confused: I was going to amend this line once we actually deployed to futurenet/testnet

Reviewer: ah ok, it's not immediately clear what `stellar/stellar-xdr@9ac0264` equates to as it's a low level component that users may not be familiar, maybe `with networks running the Soroban Preview 11 release`. Then wouldn't need to amend it later?

Author: Yeah, I wasn’t sure what the best way to pin the exact XDR/Core version this would work with would be. Preview 11 is nice but it also “doesn’t exist” yet? But maybe that’s a good thing, as people would realize that it’s for a pending release. I’ll amend it!
